README.md, before:

# Summary
Demonstration program that uses Python 3, the [Turtle library](https://docs.python.org/3.0/library/turtle.html), Objects, and functions to draw shapes. 
The code is a combination of Object Oriented and functions. The `main()` in `main.py` is the starting point for reading the code. 

# Repl.it Version
A version of this code is availbe to run on repl.it. This only requires a browser to run and edit the code.
- Link to repl.it version: [https://repl.it/@launchcode/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes](https://repl.it/@launchcode/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes)
- After opening the repl.it version be sure to fork it, so that you can save your changes
  - Click the pencil icon next to the name in the top left
  - Click the fork button
- NOTE: repl.it version is not guaranteed to be up to date with repo version.

# Install Instructions
If you want to run the code on your computer using Python, please follow these instructions.
1. Clone the repo to your computer (requires that you have `git` installed)
2. Check if you already have Python 3
   - in terminal run `python -V`
   - if you see anything starting with 3, then **skip to the next section** "Running It" 
3. Install Python 3
   - [Download Miniconda](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) ([read about miniconda here](https://conda.io/miniconda.html))
   - Download the Python 3 installer for your Operating System
   - Special Mac or Linux instructions
     - run `chmod +x Miniconda3-actual-file-name.sh` in your terminal, where you downloaded the install file
     - then run `./Miniconda3-actual-file-name.sh`, but be sure to use the name of the file you downloaded
     - The installer will ask you questions
       - Agree to the license
       - Be sure to say Yes to the question about adding `python` to your `$PATH`
       - When installer is finished, close all terminals (new terinals will reference newly installed python version)

# Running It
- After Python 3 has been installed
- Open a terminal and navigate to the repo folder. Example: `/Users/your-name/repos/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes`
- run program by running this command in terminal: `python main.py`

# What the Program Does
- The user interacts with the program via the console(terminal)
- Has two modes
  - create mode
    - user is asked via console(terminal) what they want to draw
    - options: stars, triangles, a rocket, and planets 
  - demo mode
    - repeatly draws stars, triangles, a rocket, and planets
    - there is no close feature, you have to kill the program manually
    
# Possible Tasks/Assignments
1. Have the user add their name to the hello message "Hello Janet, this program has two modes."
2. In the demo program white stars are added to the left part of the screen
   - Change them to be blue
   - Make them show up on the right side instead of the left
3. Make the program draw a square on the scene. It can be in any mode
4. Add a `draw_square` function
5. Add a "square" option to create mode which will add a square to the scene
   - Use the `draw_square` function you created
6. Add a `Moon` class or `draw_moon()` that draws a moon in the sky
7. Add a `House` class or `draw_house()` that will draw a house on the ground
8. Add a ring around the planet Saturn

# Reference Help
- [Turtle Library Docs](https://docs.python.org/3.0/library/turtle.html)

Commit message:

added limit and default to draw triangles in create mode

README.md, after:

# Summary
Demonstration program that uses Python 3, the [Turtle library](https://docs.python.org/3.0/library/turtle.html), Objects, and functions to draw shapes. 
The code is a combination of Object Oriented and functions. The `main()` in `main.py` is the starting point for reading the code. 

# Repl.it Version
A version of this code is availbe to run on repl.it. This only requires a browser to run and edit the code.
- Link to repl.it version: [https://repl.it/@launchcode/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes](https://repl.it/@launchcode/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes)
- After opening the repl.it version be sure to fork it, so that you can save your changes
  - Click the pencil icon next to the name in the top left
  - Click the fork button
- NOTE: repl.it version is not guaranteed to be up to date with repo version.

# Install Instructions
If you want to run the code on your computer using Python, please follow these instructions.
1. Clone the repo to your computer (requires that you have `git` installed)
2. Check if you already have Python 3
   - in terminal run `python -V`
   - if you see anything starting with 3, then **skip to the next section** "Running It" 
3. Install Python 3
   - [Download Miniconda](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) ([read about miniconda here](https://conda.io/miniconda.html))
   - Download the Python 3 installer for your Operating System
   - Special Mac or Linux instructions
     - run `chmod +x Miniconda3-actual-file-name.sh` in your terminal, where you downloaded the install file
     - then run `./Miniconda3-actual-file-name.sh`, but be sure to use the name of the file you downloaded
     - The installer will ask you questions
       - Agree to the license
       - Be sure to say Yes to the question about adding `python` to your `$PATH`
       - When installer is finished, close all terminals (new terinals will reference newly installed python version)

# Running It
- After Python 3 has been installed
- Open a terminal and navigate to the repo folder. Example: `/Users/your-name/repos/fun-with-python-turtle-shapes`
- run program by running this command in terminal: `python main.py`

# What the Program Does
- The user interacts with the program via the console(terminal)
- Has two modes
  - create mode
    - user is asked via console(terminal) what they want to draw
    - options: stars, triangles, a rocket, and planets 
  - demo mode
    - repeatly draws stars, triangles, a rocket, and planets
    - there is no close feature, you have to kill the program manually
    
# Possible Tasks/Assignments
1. Have the user add their name to the hello message "Hello Janet, this program has two modes."
2. In the demo program white stars are added to the left part of the screen
   - Change them to be blue
   - Make them show up on the right side instead of the left
3. Make the program draw a square on the scene. It can be in any mode
4. Add a `draw_square` function
5. Add a "square" option to create mode which will add a square to the scene
   - Use the `draw_square` function you created
6. Add a `Moon` class or `draw_moon()` that draws a moon in the sky
7. Add a `House` class or `draw_house()` that will draw a house on the ground
8. Add a ring around the planet Saturn
9. Add a quit option to the main menu and to the create menu

# Reference Help
- [Turtle Library Docs](https://docs.python.org/3.0/library/turtle.html)
